[Maintenance] Allow to choose whether use Webpack or Gulp (#14330)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-1.12.md

9. Passing a `Gaufrette\Filesystem` to `Sylius\Component\Core\Uploader\ImageUploader` constructor is deprecated since
Sylius 1.12 and will be prohibited in 2.0. Use `Sylius\Component\Core\Filesystem\Adapter\FlysystemFilesystemAdapter` instead.

### Frontend toolset changes

#### Dependencies update

In `1.12` we have updated our frontend dependencies to the latest versions. This means that you might need to update your dependencies as well.
The full list of all dependencies can be found in the [package.json](./package.json) file.

> Due to a fact every project is different, we cannot provide a list of all changes that might be needed. However, we have prepared a list of the most common changes that might be needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because every project is different, we cannot provide a list of all changes that might be needed. However, we have prepared a short list of fixes for the most common issues.
```

   + "rollup-plugin-uglify": "^6.0.2",
   ```
    Please visit [3.x Migration Guide](https://www.chartjs.org/docs/latest/getting-started/v3-migration.html) for more information.

Example changes we made in our codebase to adjust it to the new version of dependencies might be found [here](https://github.com/Sylius/Sylius/pull/14319/files).
Remember, when you face any issues while updating your dependencies you might ask for help in our [Slack](https://sylius-devs.slack.com/) channel.

#### Webpack becomes our default build tool 🎉

> `1.12` comes with a long-awaited change - Webpack becomes our default build tool. 

Reviewer 2: Even though I share the enthusiasm 😄 I would keep upgrade files as _rough_ as possible (purely to make it only informative) and keep the emotions for blogposts or tweets 🚀

Author: GitHub doesn't show this is outdated but I've changed it 💃🏻

If you want to stay with Gulp, you can do it by following the steps below:

> 1. Go to `config/packages/_sylius.yaml` file and add the following line:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

1. Go to `config/packages/_sylius.yaml` file and add the following line:
```

   + "rollup-plugin-uglify": "^6.0.2",
   ```
    Please visit [3.x Migration Guide](https://www.chartjs.org/docs/latest/getting-started/v3-migration.html) for more information.

Example changes we made in our codebase to adjust it to the new version of dependencies might be found [here](https://github.com/Sylius/Sylius/pull/14319/files).
Remember, when you face any issues while updating your dependencies you might ask for help in our [Slack](https://sylius-devs.slack.com/) channel.

#### Webpack becomes our default build tool

`1.12` comes with a long-awaited change - Webpack becomes our default build tool. 

If you want to stay with Gulp, you can do it by following the steps below:

1. Go to `config/packages/_sylius.yaml` file and add the following line:
   ```yaml
   sylius_ui:
      use_webpack: false
   ```

If you decide to use Webpack, you need to follow the steps below:

> 1. Make sure you have latest js dependencies installed (you can compare your `package.json` file with the one from `1.12`).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Make sure you have the latest js dependencies installed (you can compare your `package.json` file with the one from `1.12`).
```
